what's going on guys you boiled mr.
crazy 187 zero and today we're gonna be
taking a look at the OtterBox Defender
case for the Apple iPod Touch 4G now
this will set you back at about thirty
nine ninety five you can pick it up on
OtterBox his website and it does come in
a variety of colors for you to choose
from as always I will have their link in
the video description make sure to go
ahead and check that out now as far as
the packaging goes you get some real
nice packaging by OtterBox as usual not
as soon as you open up the box you are
greeted with your OtterBox Defender and
they also hook you with the OtterBox
sticker which is real cool and now we're
gonna go ahead and take a closer look at
the OtterBox Defender for the Apple iPod
Touch 4G now this is a three piece case
you get a polycarbonate shell for the
back of the iPod Touch and you get
another one for the front of the iPod
Touch which it does have a built-in
screen protector and you get a very
durable silicone skin which goes on top
of the polycarbonate shell now as far as
the installation process installation
process was a breeze I really didn't
find myself having a hard time when it
comes to installing this case on my iPod
touch now what you're gonna want to do
first and what I did first was they
started with my back piece first so
place your iPod touch into the back
polycarbonate shell once you're done
with that grab your front piece and you
simply just align and you snap in place
so now that my polycarbonate shell is
installed on my iPod Touch I just wanted
to show you guys really quick that it
does snap in really nice and tight so
once your iPod Touch is in here it's not
going anywhere and it has a very nice
tight fit to it so it is not loose by
any means now to install the last layer
of protection which is your durable
silicone skin and the way I started was
I grabbed my iPod Touch and I started
with my home button so once you're done
with the bottom piece go ahead and jump
to the top grab your silicone skin raise
it up the polycarbonate shell now once
you're done with that you're pretty much
good to go now if you see here in the
sides it might be not in place so you
might want to go back and sort of
massage these sides in place and pretty
much very easy to do it shouldn't really
take
- that long to install so now that the
otterbox defender is fully installed on
my iPod Touch I'm gonna go ahead and
give you a quick overview of the ipod
touch with the case already installed
here at the bottom you get a single
piece cut out for your headphone jack
30-pin dock connector and your speaker
now I did try this out with my
third-party charger and it worked real
well same thing goes with the original
charger that came included with my iPod
touch now you also get these built-in
connector protectors so when you're not
using your charger or when you're not
using headphone jacks simply just put
these in place and it basically covers
the whole bottom of the iPod Touch and
you still get your cut out for your
speaker now here on the side your volume
rockers are covered and you also get
some built-in raised up buttons which
makes it super easy and super
comfortable to hit your volume rockers
itself now here at the top you have your
sleeping weight button which is the same
style in same design as your volume
rockers now it is covered and it also
has a raised up button design which
makes it super easy to hit and also has
a very good tactile feel to it now on
the front of the iPod touch you get it
cut out for your front facing camera and
your sensor and you also get a built-in
screen protector which my opinion is
that it really doesn't take too much
from the rental display now it still is
pretty responsive now as far as hotter
the screen protector feel now you can
still feel the protector it's not gonna
be as when you have no screen protector
on your iPod touch now your home button
is covered also but it also is pretty
easy to get to and it also is pretty
responsive now on the back of the
OtterBox Defender you get another cutout
for your camera and your mic now towards
the center of the iPod touch you can see
that your Apple logo is exposed
now this cutout here also has a built-in
protector so it is not gonna get that
part of your iPod touch scratched now
here at the bottom you get your outer
box logo now here on the side to get
this really cool design on both sides
which really gives this case a really
good amount of a grip when holding the
iPod touching your hands so that was a
quick look at the OtterBox Defender for
the iPod Touch 4G 9o some of you guys
have been asking me if I was gonna
review this case and I finally
so hopefully you guys enjoyed this video
and enjoyed the review as well I would
definitely recommend this case to
anybody out there that has had their eye
on the case or has been wanting to get
the case you will definitely not be
disappointed when it comes to picking up
the OtterBox Defender for your iPod
Touch 4G now it does add a little bit of
thickness personally my opinion it just
really gives the iPod Touch a pretty
good amount of grip this is definitely
one of my favorite cases and one of the
best cases that I had reviewed so far
when it comes to the iPod Touch 4G now
if you have any questions in regards to
the case please feel free to leave them
down in the comment section down below
now I try to do my best to go ahead and
get back to you guys as soon as possible
now before I end this video I want to
give a huge thanks to my friend Daniel
over there outer-box for sending me out
this case for review it's been me your
boy mr. crazy one eight seven zero
signing out and I'll catch you guys on
the next one late
you